Quinoa Oatmeal:Step 1 Heat up the water in a kettle on the stovetop or in the microwave until it is near boiling. Put the quinoa i a strainer and rinse it. Step 2 heat the oil over medium heat. Add the oats and stir them around until they smell kinda toasty, about 2 minutes. Add the quinoa and the hot water and bring it all to a boil. Step 3 Once it is boiling, turn down the heat on the pot and let it simmer uncovered for about 25 to 30 minutes. Add the almond milk and turn off the heat.
Veggie Tofu Chilaquiles:Step 1 Pre-heat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the tortillas up into 8 wedges. Spread the wedges out on a baking sheet and throw them in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes to dry out. Stir them around halfway through. Step 2 While the tortillas get crispy, grab a big skillet and Heat up 1 teaspoon of the oil over a medium heat and crumble in the fofu. Stir in the soy sauce and garlic powder and let it all cook together until som of the water cooks off, at about 2 minutes. Stir in the nooch, turn off the heat, and pour the tofu into a bowl. Wipe the skillet down and set back on stove top. Step 3 Heat up a second teaspoon of oil over medium heat. Throw in the onion, bell pepper, and jalapenos and saute until the onion start to look a little brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and spinach and cook for 30 more seconds. Step 4 The baked tortillas should be done now, so throw about half of them in with the veggies in the skillet. Add 1 cup of salsa and 2 tablespoons of the broth and mix all of that together. Add half of the tofu over the whole skillet and then layer on the rest of the tortillas. Top with teh rest of teh tofu, salsa, and broth and gently stir it around and make sure the layers are coated. Let it all simmer together for about 5 minutes so that the tortillas soften up and the liquid evaporates. Step 5 Serve right away topped with sliced avocado, a sprinkle of cilantro, more jalapenos, and pico de gallo.
Basic Maple Granola:Step 1 Heat your oven to 300 degre3es F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with some parchment paper. Step 2 Mix together the oats, seeds, nuts, and millet in a large bowl. Step 3 Ina medium glass, stir together the maple syrup, oil, and vanilla. Pour this all over the oat mixture and stir it until everything looks coated. Add the cinnamon and the salt and stir. Step 4 Pour all of this eventlyh over the baking sheet and stick it in the oven for 40 minutes. Stir it up every 10 minutes so it cooks evently. It will be done when everything looks kind of toasted and the oats feel crispy instead of damp. Stir in dried fruit now if you are using any. Let that cool on the baking sheet and then store it in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.
Breakfast Greens:Step 1 In a small glass, mix togetherthe broth, maple syrup, tomato paste, liquid smoke, and 1 teaspoon of soy sauce. Step 2 Heat the oil in a big wok or skillet over meduium heat. Crumble in the tempeh in bite-size pieces and saute it around until it starts to brown in some places, 2 to 3 minutes. Now pour that broth mixture all over and let it cook for about 15 seconds. Add the garlic and seasoning blend and cook for another 30 seconds. Step 3 Now get the greens and pile them on top of the tempeh, pour in the lemon juice and remaining 1 teaspoon of soy sauce, and stir everything around with the tempeh. Let the kale cook down for about a minute or two, serve right away.
Tofu Scramble Tacos:Step 1 Chop up the broccoli into pieces no larger than a nickel, aiming for about 2 cups. Dice the bell pepper and onion into pea-size pieces. Shred the carrot, mince the galric and jalapeno. In a small bowl, mix together the cumin, chili powder, and oregano and set it aside. Step 2 Now it's time to cook, in a large skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until it starts to look golden around the edges, 3 to 5 minutes. Now add the chopped broccoli and bell pepper and cook until the broccoli becomes tender. Now add the garlic and jalapeno and suate for about 30 seconds. Step 3 While that is cooking drain the tofu and squeeze out as much water as possible. Now crumble that tofu into the pan in quarter size chunks. Saute that tofu around with the veggies for 2 to 3 minutes and try to get it all mixed in. If the pan starts looking dry add some water and stir it around. Add soy sauce and lemon/lime juice all over the pan. Add the spice blend, shredded carrot, and nutrtiional yeast right after and stir them. Let it cook together for about 2 minutes.
Brown Rice Bowl with Edamame:Step 1 Make the suace, throw everything into a food processor or blender and let it run until the sauce looks smooth. Step 2 Assemble the bowl, spoon equal parts brown rice and edamame into a bowl and drizzle a tablesoon or two of sauce all over it.
Whole Wheat Banana Pancakes:Step 1 in alarge bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. Make a crater in the middle and add the milk and mashed up banana. Mix that all together until there are no more dry spots. Step 2 When the batter is done, grab a skillet or griddle and heat it over medium heat. Lightly grease the pan with some oil and pour some pancake batter onto the griddle for each pancake you want. Cook the first side for about 2 minutes or until bubbles appear on top. The bubbles mean your pancake has cooked through. Flip and continue cooking the other side for 1 to 2 minutes or until the pancake looks golden brown.
Cornmeal Waffles with Strawberry Syrup:Step 1 Heat up a waffle iron. Mix together milk and vinegar in a small glass and set it aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the cornmeal, flour, brown sugar, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon so that they are all combined. Make a crater in the center and add the milk mixture and the oil. Whisk everything together until there aren't any more dry spots and only a few lumps. Coat the plates of teh preheated waffle iron with some cooking spray, then pour in some batter. Cook until golden brown.
To-Go Breakfast Bars:Step 1 Heat up your oven to 350 degrees F. Grab a 9x13 inch baking dish and line it with parchment paper. Step 2 Heat a large skillet or wok over a medium low heat and add the oats, quinoa, and millet. Stir them all around until they start to smell toasted, about 3 minutes. While that is happening, combine the nuts and cranberries in a large bowl. Pour the toasted oat mix and the salt and mix it together. Step 3 In a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, peanut butter, oil, sugar, and vanilla and warm until everything is melted. Make sure that the peanut butter is all mixed and then removed from the heat. Pour this all over the dry mix and stir until everything is coated. Step 4 Pout the mixture into the baking dish and press it down with a spoon to even it out and make sure it is really in there. Throw it in the oven until it all looks toasted, 25 to 30 minutes. Let it cool to room temperature in the pan then throw it into the fridge.
Whole Wheat Biscuits:Step 1 Heat up oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with some parchment paper. Step 2 Mix together milk and vinegar in a small glass and set it aside. Step 3 Sift the flours, baking powder, sugar, and salt together in a medium bow. Crumnble the oil into the flour a tablespoon at a time using your fingers and break up into pieces a little bigger than a pea. It should look like coarse sand form a playground, minus the broken glass. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk mixture. Stir until a shaggy dough is formed. Step 4 Turn the dough out on a floured surface and pat it into a roughly 8x5 inch rectangle about 1 and a half inches thick. Using the open end of a glass or biscuit cutter, cut out all the biscuits you can and put them in a baking sheet. You should up with about 8. Step 5 Bake the buscuits until the bottoms are golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Let them cool for a minute before digging in.
Biscuits and Gravy:Step 1 Make the gravy, in a pot bring the lentils, water, and a pinch of salt to a boil. Let them simmer for about 40 minutes. Prep everything else while you wait. Step 2 In a small skillet, saute the onion in the olive oil over medium heat until golden around the edges, about 3 minutes. Add the thyme, garlic, and pepper and cook for another 30 seconds. Turn off the heat. Step 3 When the lentils are done, drain them of whatever water is left in there and throw them back in teh pot you cooked them in. In a small bowl, mix the flour into the broth. Then add the broth mixture to the lentils along with the onions, soy sauce, paprika, and vinegar. Grab an immersion blender and blend until smooth. Heat it all back up on the stove in that pot again and let it simmer to thicken for about 2 to 3 minutes. Step 4 Split warm biscuits and spoon the gravy all over.
Oat Flour Griddle Cakes:Step 1 In a large bowl, mix together the oats, ground flaxseed, and almond milk. Stir well to make sure everything is covered and then let it sit for 10 minutes to soften the oats. Step 2 In a small bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon. Stir the flour mixture into the wet oats and mix until all of it is combined. Step 3 Now it's time to cook, grab a skillet or griddle and heat it over medium heat. Lightly grease the pan with some oil and pour some of the thick batter onto the griddle for each cake. Cook the first side until the bottom looks golden brown and you can smell the toasted oats, about 2 minutes. Flip and continue cooking the other side until the cake looks golden brown all over, 1 to 2 minutes.
Sourdough French Toast:Step 1 In a pie pan or similar shallow dish, mix together the ground chia seeds and flour. Slowly whisk in the milk so that it doesn't get lumpy. Now let that sit for 15 minutes. Step 2 Whisk the batter after about 15 minutes and then slowly add the nutritional yeast and stir. Heat a griddle or heavy pan over a medium heat and coat with a little cooking spray so they don't stick. Soak your bread slices in the batter for a couple of seconds each side. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes a side or until golden brown.
Maple Berry Grits:Step 1 Grab a medium saucepan and bring the water and milk to a boil over medium heat. Gently whisk in the grits and a fourth teaspoon of salt. Don't just dimp it all in. Gently please. Bring it all to a boil and then reduce that heat to low. Cover the pot and then let that deliciousness simmer for 20 minutes. Stir it on occasion. Step 2 When the grits have absorbed most of the liquid and are tender, turn that flame off and add 1 teaspoon of maple syrup. Taste and add the rest of the salt and syrup if you think it needs it. Serve with a small scoop of your favorite jam on top and some fresh berries.
Baked Okra and Potato Hash:Step 1 Crank your oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly coat a large rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Step 2 Chop the potatoes into pieces about the size of a nickle, chop up the onion, and slice the okra into a fourth of an inch pieces. Okra can be kinda slimy when you cut it up. In a medium bowl, toss together 1 teaspoon of the olive oil and the sliced okra. Mix well. Add the cornmeal, pepper, and an eighth teaspoon of salt and mix again. Pour all that onto half of the baking sheet. Step 3 Thorw the potato and onion into the bowl that just held the okra. Add the last teaspoon of oil, the paprika, and last eighth teaspoon of salt and mix it up. Pour this onto the other half of the baking sheet and put it in the oven. After about 20 minutes, add the garlic and rosemary to the potato side of the sheet and stir. Stir the okra around too and put it right back in the oven to finish cooking. Bake until the okra starts to brown and crisp up, another 20 to 25 minutes. Step 4 When the okra is crisy and the potatoes are browned and tender, take it out of the oven and sprinkle the lemon juice over the entire dish. Mix the potatoes and okra together and serve immediately with your favorite hot sauce.
Fruit Salad Smoothie:Take all of the ingredients and throw them in a blender, and let it do it's thing.
Spiced Chickpea Wraps:Step 1 Heat up the olive oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat. Add the chickpeas and fry them until they start to turn gold and pop around. This will take 3 to 5 minutes. In a small glass, mix together the lemon juice, maple syrup, and soy sauce. When the chickpeas are looking right, pour the lemon juice mixture over them and stir. Let it evaporate for about 30 seconds and then add all the spices. Stir and let them all fry together for another 30 seconds and then turn off the heat. Step 3 Serve these in a wrap with some spinach leaves and thinly sliced carrot and cucumber sticks. Drizzle some dressing over it and wrap it up.
Almond Caesar Salad:Step 1 Put almonds in a glass with the hot water and let them soak for about 15 minutes. Chop up the garlic. When the almonds start felling sorta soft, throw them in a food processor or blender with the water they soaked in, the garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, and vinegar. Blend it all up until there are no more large almond pieces and it starts to look creamy. Add the capers and run it again for another 5 seconds just so they get chopped up. Chill until you are ready to eat. Step 2 Serve a couple of tablespoons of the dressing over your favorite lettuce with croutons.
Moroccan Spiced Couscous:Step 1 Mix the couscous, salt, and spices in a medium saucepot with a tight-fitting lid. Add the boiling water to the couscous mix without splashing it around. Stir everything up and quickly put on the lid. Let it rest for at least 8 minutes. The couscous should absorb all the water while you wait and it should be tender when you take off the lid. Step 2 While your ass is waiting, mix together the oline oil and rice vinegar in a small glass. Chop up the spinach into thick ribbons. Step 3 When the couscous is ready, stir it around with a fork to fluff it up, add the dressing to it, and stir it up some more until it is mixed. Gently fold in the orange pices and spinach. Season to our taste. Serve cold or room temp
Roasted Broccoli and Millet Pilaf:Step 1 Heat up oven to 400 degrees F, and grab a rimmed baking sheet. Step 2 Cut the broccoli into chunks no bigger than your thumb. Toss the broccoli with a teaspoon of the oil, pour it one layer on the baking sheet, and roast the broccoli until it looks a little charred, about 20 minutes. Step 3 While the broccoli is roasting, make the millet. Grab a medium saucepan and throw over a meadium heat, no oil needed. Add the millet and stir it around until it smells toasted. Pour in the water and a pinch of salt and bring this all to a boil. Now turn down the heat so that the pot is at a simmer, cover it, and let it go unitl the millet is tender, about 25 minutes. Step 4 Grab a glass and smash the roasted garlic cloves around in the bottom of it until a paste forms. Add the lemon juice, remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, and a fourth teaspoon salt until it looks like a really thick sauce. Step 5 When the millet is ready, pour it into a large bowl and add the roasted garlic sauce. Stir everythin around really well and then fold in the broccoli. 
Lemon-Mint Quinoa:Step 1 Grabe a medium saucepan with a lid and heat a teaspoon of oil over medium heat. Add the quinoa and saute it around until it starts to smell a little nutty, about 2 minutes. Add the water and salt and bring it to a boil. Cover, reducethe heat, and let that simmer until the quinoa is tender, 15 to 18 minutes. If the quinoa is ready but there is water at the bottom, just drain it in your mesh strainer, return it to the pot, and cover it with a towel while you get your other things in order. Step 2 Mix together the lemon zest, lemon juice, vinegar, and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small glass. After the quinoa has cooled for a couple of minutes, add the lemon dressing, mint, and green onions to it. Toss well and fold in the almonds. Taste to see if it needs more of anything.
Roasted Potato Salad:Step 1 Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Step 2 Slice the potatoes in half lengthwise. Toss the potatoes with the olive oil, paprika, and salt until they all look covered. Pour them onto a rimmed baking sheet in a single layer and roast them for 25 minutes, flipping them over halfway through. Step 3 While the potatoes are roasting, make the herb sauce. You can throw all the ingredients into a food processor and let it rip until everything is minced and mixed together, or yo could just mix by hand. Step 4 When the potatoes are tender, let them cool for about 10 minutes. Pour them into a large bowl and cover them with the herb sauce. 
Braised Winter Cabbage and Potatoes:Step 1 Heat oven up to 350 degrees F. Step 2 Chop the cabbage in half and slice into wedges. Step 3 Grab a 9x13 inch baking dish and lay the cabbage pices all down in one layer. Throw in the chopped onion and carrots all around them and then pour in the broth and oil. Cover with foil and stick in the oven for 40 minutes. Step 4 While the cabbage braising, slice the small potatoes in half. When 40 minutes have gone by, take the cabbage out of the oven and turn the wedges over. Next, add the potatoes all over them and sprinkle in the garlic, rosemary, and a fourth teaspoon of salt. Stir the potatoes around so that they kinda get some of the remaining broth on them. cover them and let it bake for 40 more minutes, then take off the foil, and let it go for 10 more minutes. Step 5 When all the time has passed, take it out of the oven, drizzle the lemon juice over itm, and add salt and pepper to taste.
Roasted Beet and Quinoa Salad:Step 1 heat up the oven to 400 degrees F, grab a rimmed baking sheet and have it on standby. Step 2 Make the dressing, pour all the ingredients together in a jar and shake it up. Step 3 For the salad, in a medium bowl, toss the beets together whith the vinegar, olive oil, and pinch of salt. Pour the mixture onto the baking sheet and roast for 20 minutes, stirring the beets halfway through. Step 4 While the beets roast up, bring the water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the quinoa. Once that starts boiling again, cover, and adjust the heat to low. Cook the quinoa at a slow simmer until it is tender, about 15 minutes. Step 5 When the beets are done, fold them into the quinoa. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve this salad at room temperature or refrigerate until cold.
Vietnamese Rice Noodle Salad:Step 1 Cook the noodles according to package directions. When they are done, drain the noodles and run them under cold water until they are cool to the touch. Step 2 While all that is going on you should get all your veggies and hearbs ready and make your dressing. Step 3 To serve, pile a large mound of noodles in the center of each plate. Arrange the lettuce, veggies, and herbs around the mound while leaving a good amount of the noodles exposed. Drizzle the dressing on both the noodles and lightly around the vegetables and herbs, then sprinkle the peanuts all over it.
Smoked Almond and Chickpea Salad Sammies:Step 1 Heat your oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a baking sheet. Step 2 To make the almonds, mix together all the liquid ingrediengts in a small bowl and combine the nurtriional yeast, paprika, and garlic powder in a separate bowl. Grab the almonds, add them to the liquid bowl, and stir that together to make sure all the almonds are covered. Scoop out the almonds, add them to the bowl with all the dry seasonings, and stir it around until the are covered. When they look all seasoned, scoop them back in the oven for 5 moore minutes. Take them out and let them cool. Step 3 Add the chickpeas, avocado, and lemon juice to a big bowl and mash them. Some chunks are fine. Step 4 Once the almnds have cooled chop them up and add them to the bowl.
Tempeh and Carrot Sandwiches:Step 1 Slice the tempeh into planks about a fourth ich thick and 2 inches long. Do the same thing with the carrots so that they are a similar size and shape. Step 2 Make the marinade by stiring everthing together in a saucepan over medium-low heat and bring it to a simmer. Add the tempeh and carrots and gently stir them around. After everything simmers together for about 30 seconds, turn off the heat and pour it all into a shallow dish like a pie pan. Cover it up and stick it in the fridge for at least 4 hours. Step 3 When you're ready to assemble your sandwiches, fry up your tempeh and carrots in a large skillet or wok, heat up the oil over medium heat. Lay the tempeh and carrot planks down in one layer and cook them until the tempeh starts to brown, 2 to 3 minutes on each side. The carrots can cook a little faster so keep an eye on them. Step 4 Once the tempeh is browned on both sides, then your are ready to make a sandwich. Pile lettuce, tomato, avocado, and red onions onto your favorite toasted bread with a little mustard.
Black Bean Tortas:Step 1 first make the mayo, throw all the mayo ingredients in your blender and run it on high. Step 2 Heat the oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Throw in the onion and saute it until it starts to look golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, chili powder, and cumin and cook for another 30 seconds. Add the beans and broth and stir it. Let it com to a simmer and then turn down the heat real low. Using a potato masher or big spoon, smash up all the beans. Add the lime juice and then taste. Add some salt or more spices. Step 3 Grab a toasted roll and smear with a buch of the coconut chipolte mayo. Pile a ton of beans on the bottom half. In between add whatever you want in your torta.
Mushroom and Spinach Lasagna:Step 1 Put all the ingredients for the pesto in a food processor and blend until smooth. Step 2 Make the filling by removing any tough mushroom stems and slice up the mushrooms. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and saute them for about 2 minutes. Fold in the spinach, add a small pinch of salt, and countinue cooking until all the spinach is wilted, about 3 more minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in 2 tablespoons of the pesto. Step 3 Heat your oven to 375 degrees F, and grab a 8x10 inch baking dish. Step 4 Cook the noodle according to the package directions. Ladle about a cup of the marinara sauce into the bottom of the baking dish and lay down enough noodles to cover the bottom with just a bit of overlap. Spread about one third of the ricotta down, followed by one third of the mushroom filling, and then pour another cup of sauce over the topo. Repeat the process until you run out of room and top withe the final layer of noodles. Cover the noodles with the remaining sauce. Step 5 Cover the whole thing with foil and put in oven for 30 minutes. Gently take off the foil after that and bake it unitl the edges of the noodles start to look a little golden. Let sit for about 10 to 15 minutes.
Sweet Potato Squash Black Bean Enchiladas:Step 1 Make the enchilada sauce, dump everything but the lime juice into a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Use a whisk or something and make sure that the tomato paste isn't just sitting in a clump. Let that simmer together for 10 to 15 minutes so that the sauce has time to thicken up a little. Add the lime juice and turn off the heat. Step 2 Grab a medium saucepan, fill it with an inch or two of water, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Throw in your metal steamer basket and fill that with the chopped sweet potato. cover and steam until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Dump into a bowl and smash the pices around. Sopme chunks are fine. Step 3 While the sweet potato steams, grab a large skillet or wok and heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until ti begins to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Toss in the squash and cook for another minute. Add the chili powder, cumin, salt, garlic, and black beans. Cook together for another 2 minutes and then fold in the mashed sweet potato and maple syrup and turn off the heat. Mix until all is combined. Step 4now crank your oven to 375 degrees F, line the baking sheet and cook covered for 20 minutes.
Mango Curry:Step 1 grab a medium soup pot and heat up the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until lightly golden, about 3 minutes. Add the green beans, zucchini, and bell pepper and cook until the vegetables begin to soften up. Add teh garlic, ginger, and curry paste and cook for about 30 seconds. Add soy sauce, coconut milk, and vegetable broth and turn it down to a simmer. Step 2 Once the pot is gently simmering, add the mando and tofu. Reduce the heat to low and let this all cook together until the mando is tender enough to fall apart. Turn off the heat, add the lime juice, and then serve.
Cauliflower Cream Pasta:Step 1 Cook the psta according to the package directions. When done throw it in a large bowl with the spinach, toss, and set aside. Step 2 While the pasta cooks, bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Throw in a pinch of salt and teh cauliflower and simmer all that unti the cauliflower is tneder. Drain it and toss it in the blender. Step 3 Add milk, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, miso, and an eighth teaspoon salt to the blender and let that run until the sauce is creamy. Step 4 Pour the cauliflower puree into the poot ou boiled the cauliflower in and set it over low heat. Add the pasta and spinach and toss until everything is mixed and warm. 
Roasted Chickpea and Broccoli Burritos:Step 1 Heat up oven to 425 degrees F. Grab a large rimmed baking sheet. Step 2 Chop up the onion, bell pepper, and broccoli till they're the size of a chickpea. Place all the chopped up veggies in a large bowl with the cooked chickpeas. Pour in the oil and soy sauce, stir, and then throw all the spices in there. Mix until all the vegetables are covered. Put all of taht on the baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes.
Roasted Beer and Lime Cauliflower Tacos:Step 1 Heat up oven to 400 degrees F, grab a rimmed baking sheet. Step 2 Chop the cauliflower into small florets no bigger than a quater. In a saucepan, warm the veer, broth,lime juice, tamari, hot sauce, and garlic over medium heat. Add the cauliflower and simmer for about 1 minute. Drain. Step 3 Toss the spices, salt, and olive oil together in a large bowl. Add the cauliflower and onion and stir til they are coated. Dump it on the baking sheet and bake until browne, stirring halfway about 20 minutes. Step 4 To make the tacos, warm the tortillas i the oven or microwave for a hot minute and then pile them high with the cauliflower filling.
Tempeh Peanut Noodles:Step 1 First make the peanut sauce, in a medium glass, whisk together the peanut butter and water until it looks all creamy. Add all  the other ingredients and keep stirring until everthing is incorporated. Step 2 Now cook the noodles according to the package directions, but use a larger soup pot than usual. In the last 30 seconds of cooking the nooldes, add the kale to the pot and stir it into the water to maek sure it's all covered. After 30 seconds, drain the pasta and kale and run it under cold water to stop the cooking process. Step 3 Grab a big wok or skillet and heat up the oil. Crumble in the tempeh in bite size pieces and saute it around until it starts to brown. Add the soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, and garlic and cook for 30 more seconds. Turn off the heat and add the noodles and three quarters of the peanut sauce. Mix it all up.
White Bean and Red Lentil Burgers:Step 1 Combine the lentils and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce tyhe ehat and let that all simmer until the lentils are soft and mushy and the water is mostley gone, about 10 inutes. Drain away any extra water and let the lentils cool. Step 2 Mash the white beans in a large bowl and then add the lentils and the rest of the ingredients. Shape the mix into patties and put them on an oiled baking sheet. Chill that in the fridge for at least 30 minutes. Step 3 Crank your oven to 400 degrees F, coat the patties lightly with some cooking spary and bake them for about 30 minutes, flipping them over halfway. you want them to be golden on both sides.
BBQ Bean Burritos:Step 1 Throw the onion, tomato paste, garlic, chipotle peppers and sauce, broth, OJ, brown sugar, molasses, and soy sauce in a food processor or blender and run it until a smooth sauce forms. Pour that into a medium saucepan over medium low heat, fold the beans and simmer until everything is warm and the beans absorb all the flavor, 5 to 10 minutes. Step 2 To make the burritos, grab your tortilla and pile in a scoop of the beans, some rice, and a handful of lettuce and top with the peach salsa and some avocado.